welcome back to Singh think you can
dance time for another couples routine
for their first number they tackled the
dreaded Quick Step now they take on a
Sonya Tayeh contemporary piece ladies
and gentlemen
Eleanor and Jacob
No
if
Oh
all Beyonce
okay and three on the three okay
lighter I think we just need to all calm
down a second I go
look I hope people realize now when we
are disappointed with the dancers on
this show it's because they are up
against brilliance like this and
everybody mister come to that level I
mean I think you have just rewritten the
rules when it comes to chemistry you
have got incredible chemistry as dancers
together but incredible chemistry also
with your choreographer tonight when
that comes together on a routine you
produce something brilliant like this
now it's very simple to say that you
know you and Sonia probably speak the
same language element you're probably
from the same planet you know it's
you are both quirky you are both
incredibly artistic in in your
creativity and to drag Jacob into your
world is brilliant Jacob just I don't
think that was any dragging I think he
skipped along happily doing forward I
mean I keep saying every week this is my
favorite routine this is my favorite
this really is my favorite movie
of this season
I don't know anything as perfect as I've
seen dance like this you're stuck on the
wall was fabulous you're deaf appease
you know normally go up there and come
down yours just stay there for goodness
sake Jacob how do you do that it's
annoying it's a uh you know fabulous
look at what else you have to say
different class a different class Mary
for you
holy smokes I don't know what goes on in
inside Sonja's head but I like it I
can't tell you if there was you know you
guys are like the new dream team and
along comes with that is really high
expectations after your first number and
you guys deliver and then some and then
some Jacob oh my goodness you know
coming into the top ten you are
definitely one of the best dancers in
this competition yes
you know you just find a way to connect
you've connected with each other just
some really simple moves of just locking
across that stage and your back rippling
like it did it was so in sync that you
sit up here yeah look at them go I know
why she's like this now oh oh my god I
feel like I need a stretcher Sonia I
think probably your most memorable piece
so far on the show was the garden and
this was like the sequel this was like
the sequel to the garden for me you know
the Cortney and Mark did that really
left an impression on the audience's and
this is going to leave an indelible
impression on the fans of this show
forever I mean this was a big moment for
this show I think because I keep yelling
about when am I gonna see that thing
where I just get like oh my god oh my
god this is like goose bump time like
that I got it
all right Jenna three
shake if everybody
Oh yourselves